OCPBUG#14840: Modified note related to egress firewall policy in how DNS resolution works section (#68317)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-egressnetworkpolicy-about.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Using DNS names in your egress firewall policy does not affect local DNS resolution through CoreDNS.

Reviewer: Using / By using 

![Screenshot from 2023-12-01 11-38-54](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/7df85c7c-e926-4e63-8d35-2ebff64dbfd9)

> By using DNS names in your egress firewall policy does not affect local DNS resolution through CoreDNS.

Author: Ack.

> However, if your egress firewall policy uses domain names, and an external DNS server handles DNS resolution for an affected pod, you must include egress firewall rules permitting access to the IP addresses of your DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if your egress firewall policy uses domain names, and an external DNS server handles DNS resolution for an affected pod, you must include egress firewall rules that permit access to the IP addresses of your DNS server.
```
